Theme: Millions of them

Millions of lives
Millions of deaths
Hundreds, but with millions
Pikmin!
Some sort of real-time strategy game?
Maybe make something like Super Hexagon where you score a million, you get the ending
Of them...?
Bananas, thousands of them.
Importing resources
Global resource management
Because Bananas
Game with a scouter, in search of the million power level
What
Porn?  I mean, there's millions of them.
Connection, something internet based.
Twitch plays pokemon
platformer that ends when a million lives are used up.  Catch is that the life count is synchronized, as in, everyone in the world has only a million chances to beat it.
Maybe a game about the lack of relevance of numbers might be useful.
A physics game about destroying a million things.
Zombies come a dime a dozen.
Special zombie creating simulator.
Pandemic.
Shopping.
How to become a millionaire.
How to steal from a million people.
The infinite of space!
Star counting game.
Almost nothing.
Statistics.  Convince people numbers are larger than they actually are.
Light travels...really fast.  Maybe traveling a million miles?
Game about shadow clones.  It records every movement.
Replay mode.
It's the thought that counts
One in a million.
Something about beauty.
Perhaps something about picking something out from the crowd.
Stealth game?  How do you do something that nobody sees, while you're in a crowd.
There are millions smart phones out there.
Chucking contest.
Perhaps it's about finding a smartphone game that's actually good.  It's one in a million.
When life gives you lemons, you grow a million more
If I had a million dollars....
Protesting group.
It's growing.
It's growing really fast.
A commentary on modern consumerism.
Maybe it's a game criticizing American Exceptionalsim by making them face their insignificance via a photo of the universe.
Oh no!
Pound
Million starts with Mill, so it'll be a milling simulator.
Facebook has a million users.  Maybe a Watch-D0g like game where you try to find a specific person given their profile information.
Rabbit breeding simulator.
Mob flash simulator.  That would be interesting.
Holding the johny seed of apples.
A million rice.
Maybe that warning story about doubling stuff?
Learn what exponential means!  (sometimes, it sucks)
Cancer.
A sound game, you hear million voices, pick out the important one.
Cars cost a million.
Sun blars at a million degrees.  A million of them.